# Optimizing Online Sports Retail Revenue

## Product Related Business Questions
- Finding out how complete the data is?
- How do the price points of Nike and Adidas products differ? Answering this question can help us build a picture of the company's stock range and customer market.
- Build on our previous query by assigning labels to different price ranges, grouping by brand and label. We will also include the total revenue for each price range and brand.
- We would like to know whether there is a difference in the amount of discount offered between brands, as this could be influencing revenue ?
- We will check the strength and direction of a correlation between revenue and reviews
-Perhaps the length of a product's description might influence a product's rating and reviews — if so, the company can produce content guidelines for listing products on their website and test if this influences revenue
- Let's take a look at the volume of reviews by month to see if there are any trends or gaps we can look to exploit
- We have been primarily analyzing Adidas vs Nike products. Now, let's switch our attention to the type of products being sold.As there are no labels for product type, we will create a Common Table Expression (CTE) that filters description for keywords, then use the results to find out how much of the company's stock consists of footwear products and the median revenue generated by these items.
- Let's examine how this differs to clothing products. We will re-use footwear, adding a filter afterward to count the number of products and median_revenue of products that are not in footwear.

## Data Source
- Fictious Online Sports Retail Store Data from DataCamp
